All right, taste that.
I had the chef put extra sauce on it just the way I get it.
You know, I've been trying to make plans with you,
but you're always too busy.
I know, I've just been so caught up in wedding planning.
You know, Clyde and I are officially
tying the knot next month.
Oh, that's wonderful.
Congratulations.
Elise, are you genuinely happy for me?
Why would you even ask that?
Is it because of the rumors?
No, I just, I value your friendship
and I really want your blessing.
Eleanor, I genuinely wish you and Mr. Croft
a long and happy life together.
Okay.
Are you gonna be my maid of honor?
Me?
Yeah.
No, I don't think I can.
What?
Why not?
We grew up together and I know it would make Clyde happy too.
She can't be a maid of honor.